the delicious food in Hokkaido comes
from many sources
the flavors are unforgettable in fact
you may find a flavor that you've never
experienced before
Hokkaido cuisine promises to satisfy
even the most discerning of palates the
AMA hotel what can I has three
restaurants that offer japanese-style
tip and style and cafe style cuisine
each of them uses only the best local
ingredients here at the marine cafe
restaurants you can have lunch or dinner
at very reasonable prices for dinner you
have a choice between ordering a Chinese
or Western dinner course or various
other characters it's a wonderful place
to have a hearty meal or just a coffee
and a light snack
moccasin it said that breakfast is the
source of a full day's energy so when
the Sun comes up taking our full
breakfast buffet we're especially proud
of our home baked bread there are
several kinds available and there's
coffee or tea with a selection of
homemade cakes
the restaurant hamamass who is located
on the 12th floor enjoy your meal along
with the panoramic view it's dinner time
and I'm on the 12th floor at the
teppanyaki restaurant a lamassu all the
foods you see here vegetables seafood
and meat has been produced in Hokkaido
here's some homegrown beef from work and
I saw a coral bushy or soya black cattle
they say all superb and I can't wait as
the chef prepares your meal before your
eyes feel free to enjoy the wine of your
choice and the panoramic view
that is stunning the best there is what
a happy man enjoy traditional Japanese
cuisine here at the UNK Japanese
restaurant the freshest seafood
Hokkaido's pride and joy makes every
dish here outstanding there are also
private dining rooms for your dining
enjoyment in KY also serves the dish
that what can I is known for tackled
shuttle
this is tackle shovel in Japanese shovel
means to dip and swish to lightly poach
a morsel of food in a hot soup stock
it's absolutely delicious
and with me is more a concern of the
Japanese restaurant on KY welcomes and
thank you I don't want you are any 12
what does the a n a hotel what can i
especially aim for in its cuisine
I know Jamaat all okay Donna so cozy
kanya yokai oh hello the give attack a
hint a knee at your teat elect a toe
Canadians and as a native of the area
what would you recommend from the menu
shinsen net out Scott ha ha no Scioscia
yeah chemo monado so the hana ni Jocasta
Meenu yeah
the Casa Vega was medicine I had the
taco shabu earlier it was absolutely
delicious thank you ha ius thank you
Mark Allison from the Astro bar and
lounge on the 12th floor you'll be able
to relax and gaze leisurely at what can
i depends northernmost city on enjoying
some Bellinis
jeez